Based on the online workshop "Designing for Conversation":
https://developer.amazon.com/ask-resources/guided/conversational-design-workshop

== Highlights from the workshop ==

Conversational skills:
----------------------
    Be Personal by cooperating with the user. Provide
    the user opportunity to have a natural back and forth dialog, adapting
    to the user's preferred way of speaking and changing context.

    Be Adaptable by solving a problem for users and being careful not to create more of them. Make their lives easier by adapting to the nuances
    of the user's intended speech patterns and context.

    Be Relatable. Respond with information relevant to the user's intended context, and confirming shared understanding with the user only when
    necessary.

    Be Available by remembering and
    build upon past interactions in order to improve and speed up future
    ones through increased understanding of and navigation through context.



When thinking through who's going to use your skill, ask the following:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
    Who are the people that will use my skill?
    (background, interests, motivation, etc.)

    What will they expect from my skill?
    (NOTE: Most people don't know what they want when they interact with an Alexa skill but they have expectations)

    When and where are they most likely to use my skill?
    (home, office, warehouse, lunchtime, etc.)

    How will they interact with my skill?
    (Will they use slang or jargon of any kind?)



Script it out
--------------
    Flowcharts are a terrible way to
    design for conversation. When you design with flow charts, you step into
    a potentially endless exercise of trying to predict and specify the
    next step in a conversation. The result is a Skill that has more in
    common with a phone tree than a natural human conversation.

    Instead, we're going to focus on scripting the 'happy path':
    the best-case, easiest interaction possible in our skill. While this
    isn't always the most likely scenario, it's a good place to start from.


The value of scripting:
-----------------------

    Always build the simplest version first. Your script is the underlying backbone for the interaction. Keep it simple and add complexity bit-by-bit.

    Read out your dialog!
    The written word is vastly different from the way we speak. Grab a
    friend or colleague and read your script aloud to expose awkward
    sounding words and phrases.

    Prepare for the unexpected.
    You'll start to identify situations where the user might say something
    unexpected, such as a synonym or a completely different utterance.